{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh14780\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\sb160\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Dear DoIT,\
I'm applying for the position of Web App developer (
\f1 PVL # 83655). I've been doing this kind of work for a long time\
If you're considering me for this position, I'd encourage you to visit http://billblondeau.com, which includes a great deal of supporting material.\
My expertise is, at the moment, stronger on the back end. Particularly, I can do most anything you need with databases, XML, and Services (especially microservices\'97hope you're using that kind of architecture.) The front end, though, changed a lot while I was buried in the back end. Accordingly, I'm leveling up my somewhat rusty front end skills to current best practices with JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3. Which is admittedly fun.\
I'm very familiar with Agile of several flavors, and have worked on Scrum teams for a long time. I do fine in that kind of environment. I'm also glad that you favor code review: I like it and want it, and do my best to give helpful reviews to coworkers.\
You mention, in the position description, a need for "Excellent oral and written communication skills". I have those to an unusual degree. See my Technical Writing portfolio (http://billblondeau.com/techwriter/writing_portfolio.htm) for examples, and this article (http://billblondeau.com/techwriter/good_technical_writing.htm) for a condensed overview of what I consider to be crucial aspects of technical writing.\
I have two particular passions in programming: 
\i Technical Solvency
\i0  (meaning, reduction or elimination of technical debt), and 
\i Semantics
\i0 , a technical interest that includes Semantic Web technologies. If either of those is of interest, I'd be happy to talk about it. At length. \
\
}